How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    Since I know what are the difference and similarities between the versions, I can compare both versions looking for the bug in the one that may not be working.  

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Since I can see the evolution of a file I can learn through the changes that we're done, maybe learning from past bug fixes that we're applied, so they could be avoided in the future.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

        Pros:

    - The benefits of doing manually is that you decided when is appropriate to commit a file, at your own discretion, thus, developing a personal work timing.
    - Manually saving avoids the chances of unwanted changes in the moment of commit.
    
        Cons:
        
    - You may be oblivious about big gaps in timing of commits, which will result in a big difference between files, thus, when comparing could be hard to understand difference and learn.
    - You might forget to commit a file, which could result in the lost of work progress.
    - It’s possible to overwrite files that you probably didn't wanted to change.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With git log I can see how many times the files were committed and changed. And with git diff I can compare different versions of similar files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Since I can manipulate things at a personal discretion, and keep track of the changes that were done, i'll have more knowledge before making decisions regarding the modification of files.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Commiting files, keeping track of all changes done to multiple files, and bug finding, just to name a few.

    